README.md, before:

# feinn_project
CEIA FIUBA - Final Project - Finite Element-Integrated Neural Network framework

## About this project

To complete

## Project structure

The project was structured as follows. 

```
├── data                                # Data. Here must be FE results used as ground-truth
├── notebooks                           # Jupyter notebooks for interactive data analysis or modeling 
│   └── Test                            # Sub-folder of notebooks used for code testing
└── src                                 # Main source of the project
    └── tests                           # Unit tests for all the packages in the source code
```

## Requirements

- Python > 3.11
- Poetry 2.1.4

## Running the project

### Locally (bash)

Follow this steps:
1. Clone the repository in your local machine.
1. Run `setup.sh` in a bash console (e.g. Git Bash). 

    ```bash
    ./setup.sh
    ```

    This script will execute poetry for installing all the dependencies and create a virtual environment. This script will aslso setup your `PYTHONPATH` by creating a `pth` file in the project virtual environment.
1. Activate the poetry environment (just in case):

    ```bash
    poetry env activate
    ```

Commit message:

Update README.md with project description

README.md, after:

# feinn_project
CEIA FIUBA - Final Project - Finite Element-Integrated Neural Network framework

## About this project

The FEINN framework integrates finite element methods with neural networks to create a hybrid approach for solving partial differential equations (PDEs) and other computationally intensive problems. This project aims to leverage the strengths of FEM for spatial discretization and neural networks for adaptive learning, enabling efficient and accurate solutions for engineering and physics-based applications.

This project was developed as part of the CEIA (Curso de Especialización en Inteligencia Artificial) at FIUBA (Facultad de Ingeniería, Universidad de Buenos Aires).

## Project structure

The project was structured as follows. 

```
├── data                                # Data. Here must be FE results used as ground-truth
├── notebooks                           # Jupyter notebooks for interactive data analysis or modeling 
│   └── Test                            # Sub-folder of notebooks used for code testing
└── src                                 # Main source of the project
    └── tests                           # Unit tests for all the packages in the source code
```

## Prerequisites

- Python > 3.11
- Poetry 2.1.4

## Running the project

### Locally (bash)

Follow this steps:
1. Clone the repository in your local machine.
1. Run `setup.sh` in a bash console (e.g. Git Bash). 

    ```bash
    ./setup.sh
    ```

    This script will execute poetry for installing all the dependencies and create a virtual environment. This script will aslso setup your `PYTHONPATH` by creating a `pth` file in the project virtual environment.
1. Activate the poetry environment (just in case):

    ```bash
    poetry env activate
    ```
